---
template: BlogPost
path: /new-post
date: 2020-02-01T06:15:50.738Z
title: The Z Stories
metaDescription: ''
thumbnail: /assets/The Z Stories.jpg
---
<!--StartFragment-->

GMO Internet , which runs Japan's largest Registrar Agent, has bought (press release) the Z.com domain from Nissan for 800 million yen ($ 6.8 million).



Jon Postel reserved all letter or number second-level domains in the .com , .edu , .net, and .org gTLDs for future Internet extensibility . In this way, these domains were registered in the name of the IANA (Internet Assigned Numbers Authority), a body that he founded and directed until his death due to complications in a surgical operation in 1998.



Even so, there were 6 domains out of a total of 144 that could not be reserved because they were already registered previously, they are the following:



q.com : Qwest Communications International Inc .\
x.com : eBay Inc . PayPal. X.com Corp. was the former name of PayPal.\
z.com : Nissan North America's Z sports cars. Nissan in 1999 already understood the importance of domains (Case Nissan vs Nissan )\
i.net : Used by Inet Corp. , a domain registration company.\
q.net : Registered by Q Networks , the last activity on this website dates from 1997.\
x.org : Home page of the Open Group Foundation (now X.Org Foundation), which maintains the graphical technology of X Windows for Linux and Unix.



Nissan used the domain to promote its Nissan Fairlady Z sports car , produced from late 2002 to 2009 and replaced by the Nissan 370Z.



## Z.com

[Z.com](https://z.com/en/responsibility/) is the global brand of the Japan-headquartered GMO Internet Group , which provides a comprehensive range of internet services including domains and hosting.

One of only three single-character domain names available with the .com top-level domain, Z.com represents the group's leading range of products and services and commitment to delivering added value to the lives of internet users worldwide.

## Business areas

Companies that operate under the Z.com brand specialize in Internet-related services, including domain registration, web hosting, web design, software development, online trading, and cryptocurrency.

## About GMO Financial Holdings, Inc.

The GMO Financial Holdings, Inc. is made up of GMO CLICK Securities Inc., GMO-[Z.com Forex](https://forex.z.com/hk/tc/) HK Limited, GMO-Z.com Bullion HK Limited, FX PRIME by GMO Corporation, GMO Coin, Inc.、GMO-Z.com Securities(Thailand)Limited and GMO-Z.com Trade UK Limited. GMO Financial Holdings, Inc., parent company of the group, is listed on Tokyo Stock Exchange (JASDAQ Securities Exchange: 7177) and is headquartered in Japan.

GMO Financial Holdings, Inc. specialises in online trading services, covering a wide range of markets including [forex trading](https://forex.z.com/hk/en/forex_trading), indices and commodities such as gold and silver bullion. Building on our success in the Japanese market, we expanded from Tokyo to establish an international presence in the other major financial centres of London and Hong Kong, bringing our services to traders worldwide.

GMO Financial Holdings, Inc.'s mission is to create trading technology and conditions that combine the lowest costs and the greatest ease-of-use possible.

<!--EndFragment-->

<!--StartFragment-->

Sometimes, “Big” is better, and Z.com Trade is evidence that this phrase is alive and well in the Forex industry. The track record of the GMO CLICK Group of companies is stellar, having achieved the top retail Forex volume spot over the past three years with a client base exceeding 400,000. The benefits are numerous – tight spreads; flexible trading platforms; fixed and variable pricing modalities; regulatory peace of mind; and the added benefit of knowing that capital adequacy is never an issue. As in the words of the firm’s CEO, “In addition to our commitment to providing trader-centric technology and the best pricing possible, we aim to offer innovative solutions that make trading both interesting and enjoyable.” Give this broker a chance, and you too may soon become a believer like the hundreds of thousands before you.\
Please be advised that certain products and/or multiplier levels may not be available for traders from EEA countries due to legal restrictions.



## References

[1. GMO Internet Group to make Z.com its Global Brand"](https://www.gmo.jp/en/news/article/636/). *GMO Internet Group*. 2014-11-21. Retrieved 2018-08-21.

2. Berkens, Michael (2014-11-21). ["Z.com Sold For $6.8 Million Dollars"](https://www.thedomains.com/2014/11/21/z-com-sold-for-6-8-million-dollars/). *TheDomains.com*. Retrieved 2018-08-21.

<!--EndFragment-->
